Bitcoin is doing something very unusual
right now because while the price
continues to push higher, we are
starting to see that the funding rates
is flipping negative right now. And this
means that the majority of the traders
are actually trading short. And while
this is something very bullish, I also
want to talk about the imminent
short-term bearish divergence that we
are creating right now, the fact that
Bitcoin is so extremely overbought right
now. And of course, I'm going to talk
about the general push towards the
upside. What are the price targets? What
am I doing with my more than $700,000
profit I currently have on my Bitcoin
position, the liquidations and the
liquidity that currently is laying in
the market and so much more will be
getting discussed on today's update
video. So, without any further ado,
don't forget to once again slap on that
like button back above 1,000 likes will
be highly appreciated and let me jump
straight away in today's update video.
So, first of all, the last few days have
been absolutely insane for Bitcoin and
Ether. Ethereum pumped up over 24% here
in what is it? About the last one and a
half day. Bitcoin pumped over 16% in the
last one and a half day. And if we're
just looking in general at why this was
happening, the big reason is of course
that volatility was extremely low for a
long period of time. And always whenever
this happens, a big breakout tends to be
playing out here. And really, if we're
going to compare this exact liquidation
event that we got yesterday, compared to
the 10 October crash, which was of
course a massive liquidation event, this
liquidation event has even been bigger
than the 10 October crash here. So, a
significant amount of Bitcoin and
Ethereum short positions have been wiped
out here. And that was of course the
reason why we saw such a sudden, such a
major push towards the upside. And
really, if I'm going to be looking at is
this really the Bitcoin bear market
bottom? I mean, I even asked Grok it on
my Twitter page and Grok is saying that
the recent bounce is of course looking
incredibly good here, but still we
should take into account that there are
still a potential for another drawdown
towards the downside. And that is
exactly my opinion as well here. I mean,
I'm super excited. I'm very blessed that
Bitcoin is pumping towards the outside
since I did took a long position on
Bitcoin on $58,000,
which was exactly, if we're going to be
looking back at it, the exact bear
market low so far then for Bitcoin. But,
I will be saying this here. I think that
it is smart to still prepare for the
fact that Bitcoin can still come down
lower. And what I'm seeing right now
here is that a lot of people are
starting to get very excited again here,
but what I always said here, the best
strategy to of course get a good entry
in this bear market is just to do dollar
cost averaging and I would still say
that is the best strategy to do so. If I
would have $10,000, I wouldn't invest it
all right now. I would rather strip it
out till the end of the year and buy a
small piece every single day to get a
good average accumulation price. And
that is exactly also what I'm doing with
my Bitcoin long trade, right? I think
that indeed the Bitcoin bear market
bottom could occur from $58,000 all the
way down to about $47,000 and that is
why I set up multiple orders around
these levels. And if Bitcoin maybe not
hit it, I will still benefit from it
since I'm already in this long position.
But, in case Bitcoin does see this move
towards the downside, I would also
benefit from it because I will bring
down my average accumulation price from
my long position. And since there are so
many signals telling me that Bitcoin
will most likely not go lower below
$47,000, I think it is very much worth
it to of course
have these orders still set up over
there. And I mean, I do want to say
congratulations to everyone out there
who is currently sitting in my Discord
community because if you join my Discord
using that second link below, you could
have also be one of the guys out there
that had the opportunity to copy trade
me with this exact trade here. So, if
you want to be doing so, you can check
it out right now in the second link
below. Join the Discord community. We're
giving free trading signals over there.
We're giving also the opportunity to
copy trade me. And on top of that, guys,
if you haven't already found a great
exchange to trade on yourself, don't
forget to check out WEX using that first
link below in today's video description.
Because by signing up an account using
that first link below, you will not only
get a 25% fee rebate, you will get an
additional $30,000 deposit bonus, which
is absolutely insane here. And this
makes it also one of the cheapest
exchanges to operate from if you sign up
an account using that first link below.
And of course, you will have the
opportunity to exactly copy trade me.
But now, I need to discuss some more
charts because honestly, guys, I've got
a lot of charts to still discuss here
and I want to keep this video as short
as possible. I mean, on this most recent
pump towards the upside, we are
currently seeing that the funding rates
We are currently seeing that the RSI has
been spiking heavily towards the upside
and is now even higher than it has been
since November 2024. And that has been
really a long time ago in the Bitcoin
bull market. So, the daily RSI is
extremely overbought. And historically,
if we see this in bear markets, it tends
to be somewhat of a top signal. I mean,
also we have never seen such an
aggressive aggressive push towards the
upside in bear markets, but it is of
course a signal to tell you, "Okay,
maybe we could get a little bit
overextended and a slight little push
back here won't be all too surprising."
Because if I'm also looking, of course,
at the 30-minute time frame, we are
seeing that we're creating somewhat of
an downward sloping trend line here on
the RSI while the price is going up
here. And that means that we're creating
a bearish divergence. I mean, I'm not
trying to say that Bitcoin is going to
create a move towards the downside, but
I'm trying to warn you. Most people get
very excited on these pushes towards the
upside and they will buy the top here.
Well, maybe Bitcoin then drops down
maybe to 68 or 69,000.
So, always be very careful with these
exact pushes towards the upside. But,
one thing that really surprised me, and
of course I mentioned this in the intro
of today's video here. I mean, while
Bitcoin continuously is pushing towards
the upside, we are starting to see that
the funding rate is starting to go
negative. And this is, in my opinion,
purely due to the fact that a lot of
long orders are taking profits right now
here. You can clearly see this happening
over the last few hours. The open
interest is dropping lower, and at the
same time funding rate is also dropping
lower. That means that a lot of long
positions are going out of the market,
so they are taking profit, and that
actually there are right now more short
positions open than long positions. And
historically, that also means that
another short squeeze could be playing
out there. So, make sure to be prepared
for that. I mean, if I'm looking at the
liquidation heat map, I can see all the
way up to about 75,000
there are a bunch of Bitcoin short
liquidations still laying, but still on
the bigger perspective, there is more
long liquidations laying below us than
short liquidations laying above us. So,
that is something very clear to be
paying attention towards right now here.
I mean, also a very interesting fact
right now here is that if I'm going to
be looking back, first I'll show you
this cycle. Every single time the
short-term realized price here, so that
is the average price from short-term
holders, whenever Bitcoin goes above
that level in a bear market, it's one of
the best times to short Bitcoin because
you're basically trading above the cost
price of a short-term holder. And yeah,
if I'm going to be looking at Bitcoin
right now, we're trading significantly
above it. So, it could mean two things.
Either the Bitcoin bear market bottom is
going to be in here very soon, or this
is just a ginormous trap on Bitcoin, and
we are about to, of course, see another
major correction lower. And I mean, if
I'm going to be be back at for example
the 2018 cycle, every single time we
went above it, it was a great time to
short Bitcoin. Also in the 2022
bear market, we went above it for once
over here. Was a good time to short
Bitcoin. Then also over here on before
the FTX collapse, we went above it again
and that again marked a very great time
to short Bitcoin. And in bull markets,
it works the exact opposite opposite way
around here. Because if you're trading
below the short-term realized price, it
is historically a great time to
accumulate Bitcoin. So, this is a very
interesting metrics to be looking at.
And in my opinion, if you believe we're
still technically speaking in a bear
market, we are one maybe at one of the
best times to be shorting Bitcoin. But
of course,
I would not necessarily
But of course, I am not necessarily
looking at this and think, "Okay, I need
to go short right now." Because then you
could have already got wrecked at 68,000
US dollars, right? You need to wait for
more opportunities and more
confirmations. And also for the ones
that maybe really want to be entering a
short position, historically ever
looking back at all the major
corrections or pushes towards the
upside, you always have enough time to
position yourself. So, don't over
hesitate yourself to go in towards the
position. Just wait for the market to
give you some more confirmations. And
that is exactly what I will be doing as
well here. I mean, I'm going to be
looking at Bitcoin at the weekly close.
I'm going to be looking at the close of
the monthly time frame as well. And that
is of course where I'm going to be
basing my opinion off from. Because also
if we're still looking at Bitcoin,
this is one very important level. This
was the previous range high of that ETF
consolidation phase. Also over here
provided resistance. This is the exact
level which we're trying to retest right
now. So, uh yeah, I'm looking at
multiple orders. I'm looking at multiple
levels and whenever I see a confirmation
of a specific trade, you will be the
first one to know in my Discord channel
and also here on YouTube. So, don't
forget to follow me. Subscribe to the
channel will be highly appreciated. And
I mean, I have stated in many videos of
mine before, I believe that this is a
great time to dollar cost average,
especially into Ethereum. I have been
screaming it off the roofs here, and if
we're looking at the performance of
Ethereum relative speaking to Bitcoin,
Ethereum has been outperforming Bitcoin
in it by a significant way already. And
of course, I showed this chart a couple
days ago. We'll show it again here. We
are currently seeing that still there is
more supply in loss than in profit on
Ethereum. And historically, that is one
of the best signals to accumulate. And
again, I stated this also in my videos
back while we were trading on the lows
here, and even on the bear market low, I
said there's still possibility we're
going to go a little bit lower. But my
strategy is dollar cost averaging, and I
would still say that is exactly the same
strategy. Dollar cost average is the
best way to go right now here,
especially after such an aggressive pump
here. Maybe this, yes, could be the
confirmation of the bear market low
here, but for me, I want to be waiting a
little bit longer, get some more
confirmations, especially wait at least
the next 48 hours, because if funding
rates is going to stay negative for the
upcoming 48 hours, we could probably get
another big push towards the upside. So,
this was it for me in today's update
video. If you did find it valuable,
don't forget to subscribe to the
channel. Smash that like button, would
be highly appreciated if we can get it
back above 1,000 likes, and I'm very
close by hitting 220,000 subscribers.
So, don't forget to subscribe as well,
and I'll see you guys in my Discord
community. Peace out.
Goodbye.
