Under the crooked Joe Biden
administration, the spirit of innovation
that built America was under serious
attack like never before. And nowhere
was that more true than crypto and other
new financial technologies where we were
going to be taken to the cleaners by
China and other countries. The radical
left tried to crush these developments
with crippling regulations, brutal
restrictions, weaponization. They use
weaponization, political weaponization,
and constant targeting that drove
innovation overseas. And they wanted to
drive it out. And at the end of the
toward the end uh of the campaign, if
you remember, they decided they liked it
very much because there were over a 100
million people that were liking Trump a
lot more because I was in favor of it,
they were against it, and they became
very much in favor of it. But by that
time, it was uh too late. And besides,
those days are all over. That was a
terrible period of time for a lot of
very good, very honorable financial
people. On day one, we fired Joe Biden's
rogue SEC chair, Gary Gensler. I think
we like Paul better. Do we agree? We'd
like Paul better.
>> Number one, he's smarter.
He's also smarter, by the way. But we
fired him. We got him the hell out of
here. We terminated the so-called
operation choke point. 20, which is what
the name of their operation was,
weaponization. And we ended the war on
crypto once and for all. And it's been
booming. It's been doing big. And
nobody's been able to break in. China
would like to break in. They're still
trying, but they have been able to. I
signed a historic executive order
banning any attempt to create a central
bank digital currency. We launched
project crypto to modernize rules so
that our financial markets can move into
blockchain technology. I established the
United States strategic Bitcoin Reserve,
making Bitcoin a permanent asset of the
United States Treasury, which has turned
out incredibly well. I also created the
United States Digital Asset Stockpile to
hold custody of all other digital
assets, and that's exactly what it's
done. It's been amazing. One year ago
this summer, I signed landmark
legislation known as the Genius Act. I
named it after myself. I didn't want
anyone to I didn't want to use my name,
so I just called it the Genius Act,
paving the way for widespread adoption
of dollarbacked stable coins, and that's
worked out very well. Every single
American benefits enormously from our
country's status as the financial center
of the world, and we want to keep it
that way. We're leading by leaps and
bounds. We've gained so much in the last
16 months, like nobody can believe,
actually. Uh, not only that, but we have
more money being invested in the United
States than any country at any time in
history. Money is coming in by the
trillions. Our nation's economic
dominance drives trillions of dollars of
investments, creates millions of jobs,
and expands access, credit, and capital
so that every citizen has a chance to
achieve what we now hear a lot about,
the American dream. Young people are
looking for the American dream. They
weren't thinking about that two years
ago. New financial technologies are
extending this American dominance into
the 21st century. And that's why we're
focused on creating a clear regulatory
framework for pioneers and builders like
the people that are with me here so that
they can do business with confidence on
American soil. They don't have to go to
other countries to do their business.
We're ensuring that America remains the
undisputed leader not only in Bitcoin
and crypto, but also technologies like
prediction markets, artificial
intelligence, and much more. And we're
leading in every single one. And I will
tell you the AI, the artificial
intelligence. We're way ahead of number
two. Number two is China. And I never
want to underestimate China, but right
now we're way ahead. President Xi's
coming on September 24th. We look
forward to it. We'll probably be talking
about AI and a lot of other things, but
we're doing tremendously well largely
because of people and some other friends
of ours that uh are on the board and uh
they'll be here in two weeks. I
understand. In May, Chairman Celig
authorized the first ever true Bitcoin
perpetual futures contract on a CFTC
registered exchange. First time. I
understand that Mike is also working to
bring hyperlquid into the United States
in a fully compliant and legal fashion.
He's working very hard on that. Uh we
would really like to see interest rates
come down. You know, in the old days
with interest rates, uh many of you are
too young to know this, but when we
announced good numbers, interest rates
would go down. And the theory was
because the asset value became so good,
it became so prime. But now when we
announce good numbers, which we're doing
all the time, they keep driving the
interest rates up because they're so aa
afraid of inflation, and they shouldn't
be. They should allow interest rates to
go down. When you announce good numbers,
you shouldn't drive them up. They keep
thinking that uh we'll drive them up to
stop inflation because success in growth
does not cause inflation. Other things
cause inflation. We inherited the number
one inflation ever in the history of our
country from Biden and it lifted prices
and everything else and we're getting
them all down. But interest rates should
be allowed to fall with the success of
our country, not rise because of the
success. But we're also on the very
beginning of a revolution and fictional
and financial. you you take a look at
some of the things that are being done
on a financial basis and the financial
technology that's the potential to
create more jobs, opportunity, and
wealth for all Americans. And that's
what it's doing. It's creating jobs and
great wealth. And I think that can't be
better seen by the stock market. So,
we've had 80 in a short period of time,
a year and a half, we've had 80 days
where the stock market hit all-time
highs. I haven't looked today. I don't
know. Maybe I shouldn't look. I don't
want to look, but I think it's I hear
it's good. But we've had 80 days, Jeff,
where the stock market has hit an
all-time high, and nobody's ever seen
anything like that. And I think bringing
it down to another level and maybe a
higher level from the standpoint of
importance, 401ks have hit record highs
on almost 40% of the time that I've been
president of the United States, and that
affects tens of millions of people. The
401ks are at record numbers. So two
years ago, our country was dead and now
our country is the hottest country
anywhere in the world. There's nobody
close. No other country is close and
every country will admit it. So now we
need Congress to take the next step by
passing the Clarity Act, a fair version
of the Clarity Act. And this landmark
structure legislation, it is it's a very
very powerful structured legislation
which will keep us ahead of China, keep
us ahead of everyone else, will open the
door to the next wave of innovations and
innovators. So, I'd like to ask Chairman
Celich to say a few words and little bit
of the details about what we're doing
and then we'll follow it up with
Chairman Atkins and Coinbase CEO Brian
Armstrong, Intercontinental Exchange CEO
Jeffreer, Robin Hood CEO Vlad Tennf, and
Kraken CEO Arjan. So, we have that all
set and let's get going. And you know
what? If you want to speak for a very
short period of time, that's okay, too.
Thank you, Mr. President. It's an honor
to be here with you in this exceptional
group of business leaders. Thanks to
your leadership, the era of political
lawfare, debanking, and regulation by
enforcement is over. Innovators like the
people in this room are welcomed to the
White House, not railroaded to the big
house. And the new frontier of finance
is being built right here in the United
States of America. From day one, this
president has been clear. America will
not fall behind and allow other
countries to take its place as the
greatest country on earth to build a new
technology, operate a business, and
invest for the future. The world will
run on the backbone of American
technology. Under President Trump's
leadership, we've codified the Genius
Act, established a strategic Bitcoin
reserve, drawn a clear line in the sand
between crypto securities and
commodities, launched the first US
crypto perpetual, and protected the
rights of software developers. We've
exiled Gary Gendler, defeated the
anti-crypto army, and made the United
States the crypto capital of the world.
I'm proud to be working with Secretary
Lutnik and the Department of Commerce as
well to make America the compute capital
of the world. This may be the most
important commodity of our day. Some
call it digital oil. And America needs
to dominate these markets to win the AI
race. We've also protected federally
regulated prediction markets from rogue
state attorneys generals like Leticia
James who seek to nullify federal law
and drive these markets offshore to
unregulated and foreign venues. American
dominance and the technologies that will
define the future remains unmatched. We
are truly in a golden age of American
innovation. Now, the United States has a
choice. We can either write the rules
that define the next generation of
financial markets, or we can let other
countries write them for us. With
Congress advancing the Clarity Act
towards the finish line, we stand ready
to implement the bill once the president
sign it. But we'll use every tool
available to move the president's
pro-innovation agenda forward. In the
meantime, tomorrow at the inaugural
meeting of the CFTC's innovation
advisory committee, I look forward to
sharing more details on our regulatory
path forward. A path forward that
provides greater certainty for
innovators while reinforcing confidence
in our markets for decades to come. This
president has assembled an extraordinary
team of entrepreneurs, builders,
investors, and business leaders advising
in government uh like David Saxs of
course and Patrick Wit. This real world
experience has already brought valuable
perspectives into policymaking and it
will continue to play pay dividends for
the American people. Innovation depends
on regulatory clarity. Clear rules
create confidence. Confidence attracts
investment and investment creates jobs,
strengthens our markets, and keeps the
world's best talent building here in
America. Mr. President, thank you again
for your leadership and for making
American innovation great again. The
work we're doing now to shape the future
of our great nation will do measures for
decades to come. Now, I'm honored to
introduce the most pro- innovation, pro-
free market SEC chairman in America's
history, and it's not Gary Gensler, of
course. Uh, it's Paul Atkins. So, Mr.
Chairman, please.
>> Well, uh, well, thank you, Mike, and,
uh, thank you, Mr. President, for, uh,
for having us, uh, here today. From day
one, you've made our nation's financial
dominance and innovation job one. We at
SEC are delivering on your agenda. We're
making IPOs great again to continue on
your theme by cutting red tape that
discourages companies from going public.
Under your leadership, Mr. President,
the IPO market is booming. Since
inauguration day, 583
companies have gone public. And that's
up 75%
compared to the final year and a half of
the Biden administration. And those
companies have raised an impressive $28
billion. And that's nearly four times
the amount raised during the final year
and a half of the previous
administration. So that's just not
incremental progress. That is a
turnaround. uh you've committed to
making the United States the crypto
capital of the world and yesterday the
SEC I'm proud to say took another
significant step to deliver on that. Our
proposal the crypto assets rule would
provide crypto entrepreneurs like those
here in this room and job creators the
certainty to raise capital in the United
States using digital assets. This action
is conssonant with our belief that the
most important priority is for Congress
to send the Clarity Act to your desk for
your signature and the SEC is doing
everything we can to support that work.
So, thank you again, Mr. President, for
leading this nation to ensure that we
continue to have the strongest markets
in the world to reshore innovation and
to welcome, yes, a whole new generation
of investors through the Trump accounts.
So under your leadership, we will make
sure that the greatest advances of the
technological frontier are right here in
America. Thank you very much.
>> Well, this morning I was thinking back
to the 2024 campaign where the
president, I think, very astutely
recognized there was millions of voters
in the United States who felt
disenfranchised by the prior
administration. and he made a commitment
at that time to make America the crypto
capital of the world and within weeks of
taking office delivered on that promise
and it started first with this executive
order uh which came out ordering the
agencies in his administration to take
steps in this direction. Uh he there
shortly thereafter appointed two of the
most uh competent and pro-inovation
regulators anywhere in the world. Chair
Celig and Chair Atkins and of course
fired Gary Gendler. There was that big
applause line at the Bitcoin conference
which was was powerful. And um of course
the Genius Act was another milestone
just in the past year along with the
strategic Bitcoin reserve etc. And just
this week I have to commend Chair Atkins
for publishing um this new rule that
allows crypto projects to raise capital
in the US for the first time. There's
clarity on that. And Chair Celig uh
we're excited to attend the advisory uh
committee meeting tomorrow to make
progress there. So, uh, an incredible
amount of progress has been made, and I
think what's most important next, of
course, is this, uh, September 15th vote
that we have with the Clarity Act. This
would make all of the progress that this
administration has made durable into the
future so it could survive for decades
and decades to come. And, you know, make
no mistake, there are uh, folks out
there who would they want to see this
legislation not happen, right? Uh, maybe
uh, some of the big banks don't want the
competition from crypto companies. Other
banks are leaning in and have endorsed
it, which I think is is really powerful.
And so if we all come together, I think
we can uh get this bill over the finish
line and hopefully get more than uh 60
votes come September 15th. Thank you.
>> And it's very bipartisan, I would say.
So that's very much
>> that is true.
>> A lot of Democrat support.
>> There's hundreds of pages of changes
that have come in from uh the Democrat
side as well. It's a true bipartisan
compromise and uh yeah, it's a great
piece of it's a great work product. So
up next I think is Jeff Breer. That's
right.
Thank you. Uh, Mr. President, I just
wanted to tell you that um that your
trade policies of fair trade to bring
back jobs and businesses from overseas,
your energy dominance policies to uh
fuel the next generation of technology
in the United States. um your big
beautiful bill that created incentives
for investments has u led to the records
that you're hearing about in our stock
markets uh the record number of IPOs and
as you know from from working with my
wife who works on uh private businesses
there's a record number of business
formations in this country right now so
we're here um to talk about how to
evolve regulation so that we don't uh
impede that progress um but one of the
things I can tell you about the New York
Stock Exchange is that it was formed at
the time of our country. And so, um, it
for 250 years has been subject to every
single financial services regulation
that has ever passed in the United
States, bar none. And so one of the
things that I'm so thankful that you've
done is put two really strong chairs in
these seats and ask them to go through
pass legislation regulation and figure
out what we can get rid of that no
longer serves the interests of this
country. And for that I really
appreciate that on behalf of the New
York Stock Exchange.
>> Thank you very much.
>> Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you,
>> Mr. President, thank you for bringing us
together and for your work to ensure the
next generation of Americans has a stake
in the country's economic success
through the Trump accounts and many
other things. Thank you also to Chair
Celig, Chair Atkins, your administration
for the work underway to strengthen
American capital markets and expand
opportunity for all Americans. If I had
to sum up Robin Hood in one word, it
would be ownership. Broad ownership is
essential to a free, stable, and
prosperous society. That belief has
shaped pretty much every product we've
built, from commission free investing to
24-hour trading and now outside the
United States to tokenization, which
we're using to expand ownership of
American assets to people in more than
120 countries. Yet, this innovation is
reaching investors abroad before
investors here back home. And the
opportunity goes far beyond public
markets. Tokenization will open up
markets that have long been out of
reach, including private companies.
Today, too much economic value is being
created before ordinary investors get a
chance to participate.
Expanding ownership also requires
protecting investors. Innovation and
investor protection aren't opposing
goals. America became the world's
capital markets capital by doing both.
And the chairs uh here understand that
American companies are building this
technology. American markets are
powering it. American assets are also at
the center of it. American investors
should not be the last to benefit. We
look forward to continue to work
together to expand ownership, build the
next generation of capital markets, and
ensure America leads the way. Thank you.
>> Great job,
>> Arjun.
>> Hello everyone. Um, I was thinking about
what I was going to say today. Most of
the time I don't speak too much, but the
first time I met the president, he said,
&quot;What does your company do?&quot; Um, and I
said, 'We, we're a startup. We move at
warp speed. And the first thing he said
is, why not at Trump speed?
So, we started acting that way. Um,
look, our our mission at Kraken isn't
about Kraken. Brian created ARM. Uh
Brian created Coinbase. Uh Vlad here,
you have ICE, NASDAQ. They created the
world markets. And all we're trying to
do is make sure that everyone in America
has the ability to be able to succeed in
the same way that we did. And that's
essentially how we think about it. So
our motto at Kraken has been fix money,
we fix the world. Thank you, Mr.
President.
>> Thank you very much.
And if you have any questions or if
anybody else uh of this very
distinguished, would somebody like to
say something? The my male models who
happen to be genius, they're brilliant
and they look good, right? But uh
anybody would you like to say something?
Go ahead, please.
>> Uh just want to thank you, Mr.
President, for all of your leadership.
America should lead in crypto and win in
markets like prediction markets. and
with your leadership and your
administration, you're helping America
lead here and become the crypto capital
of the world. So, thank you very much.
>> I just want to thank you, Mr. President,
as well as uh Chairman Atkins and
Chairman Sullig for the great work that
they're doing.
>> Thank you.
Yeah, I just um want to say that what
chairman Selig and Chairman Atkins are
doing and the president has enabled with
his leadership is actually working. So
if you look at stable coin usage and
adoption, it's increasing the usage and
distribution of the US dollar at higher
and higher levels and than our industry
has ever seen specifically because of
the Genius Act and the movement of more
and more treasuries into stable coins
and therefore into more and more hands
across the world. And now the
tokenization of equities thanks to
chairman Seligs and chairman Atkins
great work and collaboration and actual
you know work together rather than
working against each other as before is
going to distribute US equities globally
and increase the distribution of those.
So you know we power a lot of these um
applications and companies so we know
what the numbers actually are and
they're massively increasing because we
have regulators and leadership that
enables the success and distribution of
these US-based assets. So there there's
actually a very real and tangible
outcome that's really now benefiting the
US and adoption of US issued assets and
the US dollar. So I just want to mention
that it really is working and uh hitting
alltime highs. So thank you very much.
>> Thank you.
>> So if you have any questions, we have a
meeting next week with the AI people.
The top people are coming in so we can
talk about that. But we're leading by a
lot with AI. We want to keep it that
way. We want to regulate, but we want to
have it regulation where they can
continue to lead, not regulation that's
going to stifle a very important
industry. I think maybe bigger than the
internet, bigger than anything anyone's
seen. And we're helping in that regard,
especially with regard to allowing them
to produce their own electricity, which
everyone thought was crazy that it would
never be approved. We're getting them
fast. Two and three week approvals.
They're building some of the greatest
electric plants anywhere in the world
because our our grid is old and tired
and weak and they're actually giving the
excess electricity into the grid. But
they're building power plants that
nobody's ever seen anything like it.
We're not using the the power from the
grid. We're using brand new power. So,
it's a great thing because that
misconception has been out there that
we're taking electricity, we're actually
creating electricity. And that's
something I was proud of because that
was my idea. Nobody believed it.
Actually, it it went along for two,
three weeks. I said, &quot;How come these
guys aren't submitting?&quot; Well, they
thought they were that you were just
kidding because that's the way it's been
in this country. Nobody would ever say a
thing like that. But no, they're
building power plants the likes of which
all different fueled all different ways,
but the likes of which we've never seen.
Uh the people that are in the power
business and we're seeing things that
we've never seen before because a very
high level of intelligence is doing it.
So, it's been great. Okay, any
questions?
>> Mr. President.
>> Yeah, please.
>> Mr. President,
>> Mr. President, does the administration
have any plans to accumulate sizable
amounts of Bitcoin or other crypto?
>> Well, it's been talked about. I think
I'd probably rely on Paul and the whole
group for that. He'll make a decision.
You guys will make a decision and you'll
let me know. But certainly, it's been
talked about. It's uh it's taken a lot
of pressure off the dollar. It's been
very very good for the dollar. And I
think if you came in with
recommendations, two of you, if you came
in with some recommendations, I would
certainly listen. It seems to be a
pretty big subject. Yes, please.
>> Hi, President Trump. I have two quick
questions. Go ahead. Don't get around
here much. So, my first question is
we're talking about AI and crypto a lot
and you won overwhelmingly with
workingclass Americans in 2024. Tens of
millions of working class Americans.
Many of them they say we love President
Trump but we're still cautious about AI
and crypto. What do you say to those who
are still res reticent to embrace this
evolution?
>> So, I think it's going to it's a great
question and I think it's going to
create a lot of jobs. It's going to
create success. It's going to create
tremendous innovation medically. I mean,
they're coming up with already,
amazingly, they came out with something
today that I looked at it having to do I
won't go into the details, but having to
do it with a pretty unstoppable disease
and all of a sudden they're coming up
with answers that they never thought
were possible and things that they never
even would have thought about. Uh, so I
think it's really creating jobs. And I
can tell you one thing, if you look at
our construction jobs right now, because
we're building more plants, factories,
uh things that really have something to
do with the AI, but also car factories,
car plants, they're moving into our
country. Honda just announced, Toyota
just announced they're moving their
operations from Mexico, from Canada,
from other places. We, by the way,
probably have a deal with Canada. You
probably saw that we uh very major
tariffs were going on to Canada today.
We delayed it for 3 days because I think
we have a deal with the prime minister
and good deal for everybody. So that's
good. But uh the construction jobs are
enormous. We're building the biggest
plants anywhere in the world. And I can
say if I were the mayor of a town or the
governor of a state and I had a chance
to get a big plant in an AI plant or a
data center, I would absolutely want it
because the jobs are enormous and the
money paid, the taxes paid are just
enormous. And if you don't take it,
you're going to be left behind because
there are plenty of places that want it.
So I would say that maybe it can use a
little public relations help, but if I
were a governor or mayor, I would want
that plant in my community, and many of
them are designed in a very beautiful
way. It's really very positive. Okay,
thank you.
>> A little off topic. So you mentioned Joe
Biden and some of the past leadership,
and it's been about 69 days since we've
seen Mitch McConnell. Sometimes when you
look at Congress, it looks like they
cast a cocoon. But I read a Cindy Adams
column in the New York Post recent rec
recently and she talked about how we
need term limits and someone needs to
hold Congress accountable. Maybe you
should be the person to do it. Would you
support term limits for Congress or some
type of cognitive testing? Because maybe
if we had that the last four years, we
wouldn't have ended up in some of these
messages.
>> So term limits are very popular with the
public. I've seen it both ways. I've
seen where people go in and they get
termed out and they're very talented and
they're at the height of their career,
you know, politicians and you end up
with total rookies in there. Nothing
gets done. And I've seen it the other
way where people are there too long. We
see that all the time. I see both. I I
always like to say that a term limit is
an election. You know, the public's
pretty smart. You see that last night.
We had some great success last night.
The Republican party had tremendous
success last night. But but uh I like to
say that term limits should be
elections, but I'm okay with term
limits. Remember, the people that have
to pass term limits are the people that
are going to be voting on them to get
out of office. So it's a little bit
tough. That's not the easiest vote to
get, is it? Huh? But I'm okay with it
one way or the other. I do think
elections really turn people out. Mr.
>> I want to ask you about Canada. But
first, the Treasury Secretary says that
we could see the most impactful
sanctions on Iran this week. When will
they come? And what else could be
sanctioned on Iran?
>> Well, we have things that we could
sanction. We have very draconian
sanctions and we'll uh see what happens.
Right now, the strait is open. We a lot
of boats are coming through. People
aren't reporting that and that may slow
down a little bit at some point, but
right now a lot of boats are coming
through. Uh the naval blockade has been
extremely effective. zero. I mean,
literally while it's up and it's been
for quite a while, you know, except for
a couple of little pauses where we
opened it purposely at uh with a deal,
but the deal didn't terminate, you know,
the deal didn't turn out to be what they
said, you know, when they tell us one
thing and they do another. But the
blockade has been 100% successful. No
boats have gotten into Iran, but they
are getting in for other places. But
we'll see. We're going to see what
happens. uh it'll either be extremely
good and oil prices are going to drop
like a rock or we'll continue to do
exactly what we're doing. You know, uh
they were talking about $350 a barrel
and it's today 8485
and uh we are getting a lot of oil out.
But the other thing that's happened is
people have found other alternatives
which they never thought about. Texas,
Alaska, Louisiana, and other places. In
addition, a lot of pipelines, record
numbers of pipelines are being built.
So, uh, I think the harmon's not going
to be quite as important as it was in
the past.
>> Now, on Canada, if I could ask you, you
said that there's a deal, an agreement
in place, are you willing to lower
tariffs on steel and aluminum?
>> Well, we're looking at that in order to
get farmers tariffs lower.
>> Well, we're getting zero for our
farmers. You know, our farmers have been
hurt very badly by Canada and they won't
be paying any tariffs anymore. And we
may bring some of the tariffs down to a
level where other countries are because
Canada was paying a higher tariff.
Canada was paying us a higher tariff. So
we are, look, we have a very nice
relationship with leadership right now
and we'll see, but we did a three-day
pause. It was supposed to be a 50%
straight across the board tariff that
was going into effect at 7:00 this
morning and I delayed it at the request
of Canada for 3 days so we can iron out
the details. Uh, but it's going to be a
a wonderful deal. Hopefully a wonderful
deal for everybody. Yeah.
>> Mr. President, earlier today you said
North Korea has something like 57
nuclear weapons. They've been expanding
their nuclear program. Is your goal in
re trying to re-engage with Chairman Kim
still denuclearization? And what makes
you think you could be successful now
when you weren't?
>> Well, I don't want to talk about that,
but I do have a good relationship with
Kim Jong-un, as you know, you've seen.
Uh he didn't like Biden. He didn't like
Obama. He didn't like anybody, but he
likes me. And I like I you know I just
got along with them very good. We had we
had great meetings. We speak uh and I
think our nation and I think other
nations frankly whether it's Japan or or
South Korea they're a lot safer if I'm
president if somebody else is president.
Now I didn't like the fact that we're
doing these massive military exercises
really against North Korea. It was a you
know exercise against North Korea when
I'm friendly with him when we have I
don't see anything happening for
certainly two and a half years it's not
going to happen with me but I don't see
anything happening and I was not happy
when South Korea said no they're not
interested in helping us with the
harmonate and yet they get 60% of the
oil from the harmonate I said would you
like to help us he said no thank you I
said that's nice please thank you he
made us a lot of money I didn't like
that so uh I I felt that to do a massive
we were doing a massive war exercise. I
thought that was very insulting to
somebody that frankly has been during my
term at least uh very well behaved.
>> Yeah.
>> On the bond market. Uh is the
administration done enough to stabilize
the bond market after yesterday?
>> Well, I think it is, but I mean they
it's it's very sad. Every time we do
great, we announce great numbers, the
interest rates go up and they go up
because they want to stop inflation.
They should go down because the country
is strong. You know, I see countries
like Switzerland where they're the
number one lowest interest rates, a half
a percent. And we pay three and a half%.
And yet, if we stop doing business, for
instance, I have the absolute right to
cut off all business with a country like
Switzerland, like anything. So why are
they prime if I can cut off the business
and they are no longer functional? And
yet they're considered to be like an
elite country. And I don't want to
single them out because there's 60
countries like that. They live off the
United States. So why are we paying
higher interest rates than them? You
know, in the old days, we used to pay
the lowest interest rate no matter how
we were doing because we sort of
generate for the whole world. And I want
to see it where interest rate and and I
have to tell you, we have a wonderful
chairman. I think he's doing a great
job. The problem is he has a board and
it's a political board. People put in by
Obama, Biden, and me. And uh there are
quite a few members still left as you
understand. And so they vote to raise
interest rates. I don't know if they're
doing it because they think they're
doing a good thing or because they like
the politics of it. But my point is
years ago, 25 years ago, when the
country announced good numbers, interest
rates went down because we had a
stronger country. Now when we announced
good numbers, the better they are, the
worse it is for interest rates. So we
could be we could have a GDP of 10
times. You know, they say, &quot;Oh, it's
going to be three times or 4.1.&quot;
Uh we could have a GDP of 10, 12, 15
times if they just leave us alone. Let
us let the rates go down. We should pay
the lowest interest rates. You know,
every point of interest is 600 billion.
Think of that. Every point of interest
is 600 billion. Two points means we make
a fortune, but we keep driving it up.
It's a very unfair system. And I've said
it now for a long time. When our country
does well, interest rates should go
down. I mean, every time I hear a
country is doing well, I say, &quot;Oh, it's
too bad because they lift up interest
rates.&quot; They should drop interest rates
because it means we have a strong
country and it's all based on credit,
meaning good credit and we have the best
credit and we'd pay off the debt very
easily and very quickly. But if
somebody's paying a half a point, we
should be paying a half a point, not
somebody else. Right now, I think it's
Switzerland has the lowest again. And I
don't want to single them out, but if
you take our business away from
Switzerland, they have problems. So why
are they paying a half a point and we're
paying much more than that?
>> Does that make sense to anybody? I mean,
it seems pretty simple to me, but it's a
killer.
>> You know, I almost like to hear bad
numbers. I'm saying, I hope we have bad
numbers today. Interest rates will go
down. It doesn't make sense. When our
business is good, we should lower
interest rates. And then you want to
build America, you're going to see a
building like you've never seen. We're
doing great even despite the fact of
what's happening with interest rates.
>> Should Americans be concerned about this
volatility in the bond market?
>> No, I don't think so because like I
said, our country is doing so well
despite interest rates. We have interest
rates that are artificially they're
actually artificially high. They raise
them for no reason. And you can't go out
to the market when you have a Fed that's
raising interest. You can't say, &quot;Oh, I
want to pay three points less than what
the Fed says you're supposed to be
paying.&quot; So, no, I don't think so at
all. I think we have a very powerful
country and we're powering through these
ridiculous interest rates. They're
ridiculous.
Look, when our country is strong,
interest rates should go down. When our
country is weak, frankly, they should go
up. But this country is strong. They've
never had, there's never been in history
the kind of money coming into a country
as we have right now. Trillions and
trillions of dollars are being invested
in plants, factories, everything.
Everything you can think of. We're the
hottest country in the world. We are by
far and I, you know, I said it a hundred
times, the king of Saudi Arabia, but
many, many people, they said two years
ago, three years ago, your country was
dead. Now you have the hottest country
in the world. That's what we have. We
have the hottest country in the world
and these people are helping us a lot.
Thank you very much everybody.
