Hey everyone and thanks for jumping back
into the cryptoverse.
Today we're going to talk about Bitcoin
dubious speculation. If you guys like
the content, make sure you subscribe to
the channel, give the video a thumbs up,
and also check out the sale on into the
cryptoverse premium at into the
cryptoverse.com.
And hopefully you've already gotten your
ticket for the ITC conference. But if
you have not, I would encourage you to
do so before September 1st. Prices will
go up then. uh you can find a link to
that in the description below. Now, in
this video, we're going to sort of take
in what's happened and and talk about it
in the context of history. Now, one of
the things that I've said probably about
every week in the second half of the
midterm year is that the correct
approach in my opinion is to DCA Bitcoin
in the second half of the midterm year.
And I put out a video a couple of months
ago around the low called Bitcoin
Dynamic DCA, how I navigate crypto. I
would encourage you to go watch that
video. But in that video, I talk about
how I this cycle am planning on buying
Bitcoin under.3 risk starting in the
second half of the midterm year. And if
you go check in with that risk metric,
you can see we actually did go below.3
risk in the second half of midterm year
in early July, late June, early July. So
fortunately
that strategy of DCAing worked but
admittedly right admittedly I would not
have fully deployed everything I would
theoretically want to for a full-on bull
market that would hopefully last a
number of years. So, I want to talk
about that and I I sort of just want to
talk about the way I'm thinking of it
and then strategies and kind of like
looking at the past to see if what's
happening now is confirmation that the
low is in or if there's still a reason
to to think otherwise. So, let's go
ahead and jump in. Um,
so far Bitcoin has spent very limited
time below.3 risk, which is kind of my
ideal zone. If you're not familiar with
how I've operated the last several
cycles and all this stuff is, you know,
pub been published before on YouTube and
you can go find it. But in the 2018,
2019, 2020 cycle, I DCA Bitcoin below
0.5 risk. And then last cycle I chose to
buy it below 0.4 risk. And then I said
this cycle my plan is to buy it below.3
risk. Now you don't have to copy me,
right? You could buy it at whatever
levels you want to. I'm just being open
and communicating the levels that I am
interested in purchasing Bitcoin. And
for me, for this cycle, it's below.3
risk starting in the second half of the
midterm year. So far, this is all we
got, right? I mean, basically, starting
on July 1st, we only had
like three, four, about four, maybe
five, five days below.3 risk. Five days.
So, then the question is is, you know,
what's going to happen from here? And
and is what we're seeing indicative of a
low? Have we seen it before? and and it
is somewhat confusing admittedly. There
are indicators that would support that
would be more in support of the low
being in and then others that would
still leave it somewhat up in the air.
Now, the argument to make for a low
being in despite the onchain indicators
not all fully having reset is that we
topped on apathy rather than euphoria.
So then the question becomes, do we have
to fully reset? Right? If we didn't go
all the way to the highs, do we have to
go all the way to the lows? It's a
reasonable question to ask.
At this point, we only have one example
where Bitcoin topped on apathy, and that
was 2019. So, we're going to look a
little bit at 2019 in this video. So,
every time I make a video for the last
several years comparing, you know, the
the type of cycle that we were in back
to the 2019 move, there's always been a
lot of push back, right? It was because
why are you comparing 2019 to, you know,
to 2023? Why are you comparing it to
2024? Why are you comparing it to 2025?
Why do you compare it? And and so before
we get into the video, I have to at
least spend a couple of minutes making
the case for why we should compare it.
Okay, for why? And there's there's
multiple reasons. Okay, number one is
Bitcoin when it topped there was not a
euphoric rally. There was not a euphoric
rally, meaning there was no rotation
after the euphoric rally into altcoins.
One way to visualize
there there not being a euphoric rally
is look at the MVRVZ score in 2019 and
in 2024 2025. You see how it didn't
really go all the way up to where it
would normally go. Another example is
the terminal price. If you look at the
terminal price for instance, what you'll
notice is that Bitcoin did not reach the
terminal price during this last bull
market. It also did not reach it in
2019.
Okay? So you you can see what I'm
talking about. But on all the other bull
markets, it did reach the terminal
price. It just didn't reach it in 2019.
And also it did not reach it in 2025.
The other comparison to make for 2025
compared to 2019 is that quantitative
tightening ended in 2025,
2 months after Bitcoin topped. So
Bitcoin topped in October, QT ended in
December. In 2019, Bitcoin topped in
June. QT ended in August. So about two
months. I think back in 2019, it was
closer to like five or six weeks. But
again, two calendar months apart is when
that happened. And when Bitcoin did top
in 2019, like 2025, there was no
rotation into into higher risk assets.
And also another comparison to make is
that in 2019, the Fed cut three separate
times.
And in 2025, the Fed cut three separate
times.
So
there's plenty of comparisons that we
can make to say, look, there is some
reason to make the comparison. And when
you zoom out on the weekly,
when you zoom out on the weekly, what
you'll notice is that this
like what you see here in uh 2018 2019
and then the bounce up and then interest
rates coming down after a major rate
hiking cycle that back there is just a
smaller version of of this cycle, right?
I mean, you can see QT and all that
stuff's doing basically the same thing.
Bitcoin is, you know, had this nice
sell-off right after an apathetic top.
It's more or less following the script,
right? It's more or less following the
same script. It's just a larger version
of it. So, that's a reason to make the
comparison to 2019. But there's other
comparisons to make as well, right? This
is a midterm year, so it makes sense to
also compare to prior midterm years. And
in prior midterm years, did we have
similar rallies like this one? And
that's something that I have to ask
myself. In 2022, was there a rally that
was, you know, upwards of a 20% rally
that happened in a week before the low
was in? Uh, did that happen? Right? And
it's hard to remember that kind of stuff
all these years later. So, we can go
take a look. All right. So, what we're
going to do is we're going to start with
the midterm year comparison and then
we're going to look at the 2019
comparison. Before I go too much
further, you know, I even said this and
if you guys watch these videos, you'll
probably remember me saying it back in
May. I remember telling you guys and and
you know going into June I remember
saying look I've received a lot of hate
in the in the May rally as as in the
January rally and if we go down what I'm
going to say is that that's the that's
the time to start accumulating right
that's the accumulation window doesn't
mean you can't go lower in Q4 and then I
sort of snidly remarked but knowing
myself I'm going to continue to beat
that drum that it just well might
because unfortunately
I can't help myself, right? I I feel
like it's like I'm I'm fixated on on
these things and I I can't help but but
let you guys know, right? And and to say
like you can go buy Bitcoin uh and hope
that it doesn't drop in Q4, but that
doesn't mean I will just conveniently
ignore
what I've seen happen every single
midterm year. Okay? I can't I can't just
pretend like it hasn't happened because
it would make me feel better and and for
people to like me. I I will continue to
at least communicate it. And if it
doesn't play out, life will go on,
right? Life will go on and and you know,
I'll cross that bridge when I get to it.
And I would probably pick up more
Bitcoin at the time regardless of of
whether it actually plays out or not.
So, let's go through and and try to
figure out, you know, has this kind of
stuff happened before? I think the the
first place to start would be 2018
because in 2018 the market structure has
been remarkably similar. And what's
really different about this move
compared to 2018 is that in 2018 we
never really had a major rally above the
200 day moving average. It has happened
in prior bare markets. But in 2018, by
the time we passed through the 200 day
moving average, the bare market was
over, right? Like that was that was it.
And and so the question is is is this
here, right? Is that the same as this?
And then now this move right here is
akin to the move we had in the preh
havinging year.
I I think it's worth some consideration,
right? Like I can't sit here with a
straight face and say that you can at
least consider it. Um which again sort
of affirms why the DCA approach is is
the best approach. That way if it is it
you're at least not just sitting on the
sidelines for the entirety of the next
bull market. Um but with that said with
that said I I want to talk a little bit
about before we get to that I want to
talk a little bit about uh the the 2018
move. Okay. So in 2018, if you ignore
the moving averages, right? If we just
ignore the moving averages and say let's
not worry so much about them and let's
just look at the chart and where the
lows occurred and where the lower highs
occurred. So in 2018, you'll see that we
kept finding support around 6,000 around
6,000 just like this time it was been
it's been around 60,000
very similar. Okay. Now, what what
happened in 2018 is we had a lot of
rallies, but we had three key rallies
that I want that I want us to focus on
here. The first bounce bounced back up
to 116,000. But the reason why that
bounce was so large, then we didn't get
a bounce like this like that this time
is that 11 sorry 11,600. We didn't get
that because we didn't have a euphoric
top, right? We didn't rally all the way
up to 200K to then allow for, you know,
11.6K
or, you know, $116,000
Bitcoin be a dead cat bounce. Okay, it
was more of an apathetic top. But what
you can look at is these three lower
highs. You had one
in the 90s, and if we zoom in, you can
see what I'm talking about, right? So,
we had one there
at basically 10K. Okay.
You had one at
8,500
and then you had one at 7,400.
So what you'll notice is that throughout
the bare market
after this first bounce, right, but just
looking at the nature of the next three,
you had
a top that occurred in the upper 9,000s,
a top that occurred in the mid 8000s,
and a top that occurred in the
mid7,000s.
And I remember that very vividly because
what I was doing back then was I was
buying Bitcoin. I was actually in 2018
in the back half of 2018 that was when I
was defending my uh my thesis my I was
writing my dissertation and defending my
dissertation. I defended my dissertation
in September of 2018 and then I started
my posttock you know shortly thereafter.
Um, but I I despite all that, I still
was watching the markets and what I did
was I I bought Bitcoin and like an
idiot, I bought a lot of altcoins and
because I was I was so convinced, right?
I mean, every single rally just drew me
back in, right? And I I fortunately I
was able to to avoid sort of the first
half of the midterm year, but the second
half these rallies were just they were
so convincing to me and I was like,
&quot;Yeah, like like 6K is probably the
bottom.&quot; and and I hope it is and if
it's not then so be it. And so I, you
know, I bought Bitcoin. I bought a lot
of altcoins and I remember thinking, you
know, a year or two later, like while
the Fed did bail bail me out with the
altcoins that I bought, I remember
thinking like I probably just been
better off sticking with Bitcoin because
if you if you look at Bitcoin dominance
um from the levels, you know, when I was
buying altcoins, Bitcoin dominance was
at around, you know, around I mean it's
basically around the same level that
it's at now. It was around like 60%. And
then a couple of years later, you know,
Bitcoin dominance was way higher, right?
I mean, it was way higher. And I
remember thinking back then like, I
probably should have just stuck with
Bitcoin. Now, I did get lucky with some
of the altcoins. They did do, you know,
some of them did well, but some of them
did well after dropping another 70 or
80% and then they did well. Uh, and then
the Fed bailed me out. So,
I I you know, I I like to think we're a
product product of our experiences. Now
listen, I mean there's always a chance
that this bare market is like 2018 but
without instead of breaking down at the
end, maybe you break up. Okay, that's
always a possibility. But the thing to
kind of consider here is or at least one
of the things to consider is that you
had these three rallies,
upper 9,000s, mid 8,000s, mid7,000s. And
then if you go look at at this bare
market, you can see there's also three
similar rallies, right? One that went
all the way up to near 100k, right?
Upper 90s. The next one that took us to
like the lower to mid 80s, and then the
one that we're currently in, which is in
the mid70s. And so
if I were not looking at the 200 day
moving average, if I were not looking at
the bare market resistance band, I would
simply look at something like this and
say, well, as much as I know everyone
wants the low to be in, there's always a
chance that it's not, right? There's
there's always a chance that it's not
because to say that it couldn't go lower
would be to basically be living through
2018 and saying the same thing. And and
we know that it did go lower a few
months later. And if it feels like we're
too far out in the year for that to play
out, one of the things to consider is
that in 2018, the rally that took us up
to the mid7000s,
that didn't even top until early
September, right? I mean, we're not even
in September yet. And that did not top
until early September.
And then we came back down to 6,000. we
went sideways and then we finally
dropped to the market cycle bottom by
the end of the year. So that's what I
mean when I say there's there's mixed
signals because on one hand I can look
at the 200 day moving average and say
well look I mean you know normally when
we blast through the 200 day moving
average like in 2019 and in 2023
the bare market was behind us but it's
also true that when we did that in those
years those were preh having years that
that happened not midterm years and so
then the question becomes well have we
ever rallied through the 200 day moving
average and the bare market continued
and actually I got into uh I was in a
Twitter space a few months ago and there
were these guys talking about well if
Bitcoin goes above the 200 day moving
average at that point it never goes
below it again in bare markets and back
then I pointed out I was like look
there's always a chance that we go above
the 200 day and we go right back below
it and there is some precedent for it
right it happened in 2014 and it also
happened in 2019 and I know you're
saying well why the hell are you
bringing up 2019 2019. We covered that
at the very beginning of the video. So,
if you skipped ahead, go watch the
reason why to compare to 2019. And then
we're going to look at 2019 as well.
Okay. So, in 2014, honestly, this is not
going to be my favorite comparison
because when the rally above the 200 day
moving average occurred, it occurred a
little earlier in the year and we did
not extend above it as much as we're
extending above it now. So, I'm not a
huge fan of this comparison. back then
we got above the 200 day in May and and
we got back above it in July and then we
were still above it a little bit above
it in in mid August but frankly
this doesn't really look like the
current rally to me I mean it only
barely got above the 200 day moving
average now what's interesting is it is
objectively true that in 2014 we were
above the 200 day moving average in mid
August and it's also true that then
Bitcoin still dropped down to below by
October okay So, we do know that, but it
doesn't look like the same thing to me
because in that case, Bitcoin had been
trending down for a while, whereas we're
still in the, you know, sort of the uh
the up move. Like, we don't know how
high this is going to go before it
retraces some. We don't know. I mean,
maybe we're there now. Maybe it happens
tomorrow uh with the Jackson Hole speech
by, you know, by Kevin Walsh. Maybe it
happens in a week. I I don't know. None
of us know. we're just kind of sitting
here wondering how high this is going to
go before, you know, before it it takes
a breather. Um, so I I wouldn't put a
lot of faith here in the 2014 comparison
because it doesn't really seem like the
best comparison to me. Um, because it
happened much earlier in the midterm
year, the the the rally to the 200 day
to above it and it's already we're
already almost in September. So, it
doesn't feel like the the most
reasonable comparison. And so the only
other example that you have where you
got above the 200 day moving average in
such a short period of time happens to
be October of 2019.
And there there's a couple of
interesting things surrounding it. And I
I just want to show you this move. Okay?
I want to show you this move because we
haven't had a move like this in this
bare market yet. We haven't. um in that
move
and I'll show you why we're looking at
that move from a news standpoint as well
rather than just a price standpoint. So
in that move, if we just look at the
first green candle here, Bitcoin rallied
40%
in 2 days
and
it still somehow managed to go to a new
low 31 days later. And then it set the
floor
54 days later before the rally that led
us out of that bare market. And then of
course the pandemic hit and it reset
everything. But let's suppose the
pandemic didn't happen. Perhaps that
would have been it and we would have
been well on our way to new highs
already. Like we can't know. But it took
about 54 days from the high and you'll
see that Bitcoin rallied well above the
200 day moving average. Okay.
In fact, it rallied about 18% above the
200 day
and then it retraced back to
You see that? Now, what's similar
between October of 2019? I know that the
the comments are going to be absolutely
brutal. You know, they're going to drag
my name through the mud on Twitter for
even talking about this, but why should
today be any different? What's
interesting about October of 2019 and
August of 2026? Well, what's interesting
is that this is this was an apathetic
top. Okay, it was an apathetic top. No
rotation to altcoins. QT had just ended
and it's it was the first rally above
the 200 day moving average. Now, if
you're having a hard time sort of buying
into this idea, the thing to consider is
if the uptrend can take longer than the
2019 uptrend, why can't the downtrend
take a little bit longer than the 2019
downtrend? And so if you think about it
through that lens, this is the first
rally above the 200 day moving average
after falling below it after an
apathetic top. And again, Bitcoin
rallied about 17 to 18% above the 200
day moving average. Let's go see where
we are now. And then we're going to get
into your favorite part of this video,
which will be the news that accompanied
both rallies.
Currently about 10% above it. Now,
obviously, one of the big pieces, one of
the big news stories that happened was
Treasury Secretary Bessant and and their
willingness to try to control the long
end of the yield curve. Okay, so that's
obviously one thing, but another thing
that happened
is that
look at this article on CNBC.
Bitcoin surges 12% in two days as Trump
crypto execs lead last ditch effort for
the Clarity Act. So, President Trump
just came out and they were talking up
crypto, right? Obviously, because the
midterms are coming up, right? I mean,
let's not be let's let's be real. Uh,
but that was the news story that's
accompanying a lot of this is that
there's this pro- crypto, you know, sort
of stance that's taking place and that
is what's being attributed to a lot of
this rally. Now, also you could
attribute other things as well. You
could attribute the the recent drop by
the dollar. You could attribute, you
know, what what um they're trying to do
with the long end of the yield curve. I
mean, even now the long end doesn't
really seem to be responding that much
to it. I mean, the 10-year yield still
at 4.7%. The 30-year yield didn't even
drop that much. I mean, maybe it will,
but it hasn't done that yet. And so,
then the question becomes, well, what
what could we say? Is there a similar
article in October of 2019? Well, it's a
great question and I'm glad you asked it
because in October of 2019, I remember
it distinctly, the 40% rally from the
low that occurred over just a few days
occurred on this headline. Bitcoin, and
this is a CNBC article, same, you know,
same website. Bitcoin had a wild weekend
briefly topping 10,000 um after the
Chinese president uh said that they
should seize the opportunity offered by
blockchain.
China's central bank, the people's bank
of China had been working on its own
digital currency. So basically in 2019
you had China talking up Bitcoin and
then Bitcoin rallied like 40%. And look
at the date, right? Look at the date.
This was October 28th, 2019. And if you
look here, October 28th, that's shortly
after we had this massive rally, right?
And so that was the the main news story
that was attributed to it. And when
Bitcoin had that rally, it it basically
r you see where it broke down from right
here. Bitcoin rallied and it kind of
swept above that high. So then the
question is is like if we're going to
repeat that, that's something to be
mindful of, especially given that it's
the midterm year because you can see
that we just sort of broke down here and
now we've just sort of swept above that
high. Okay, so that is the consideration
to make in terms of the 2019 move. Now,
if you were to take that 2019 move and
say, how long from that high did it take
for the low to occur, excluding the
pandemic, right? We're not here to
speculate on pandemic stuff. It took 53
days. Now, I can't tell you when this
local top's going to occur. I can't. But
let's just suppose it's today. Probably
not, right? I mean, I have no idea. I
can assure you I'm the last person to
ask. Um, but 53 days from August 21st
would coincidentally be
midocctober.
So, it's just u
it's just to try to keep people seeing
both sides of the story here. Okay. Uh,
and you know, maybe you would say it's
like it's a form of coping, but I mean,
I'm not Look, guys, I don't honestly
care so much. I mean, I I've I've bought
a little bit of Bitcoin. Not enough,
right? I mean, arguably not enough for
what I would want for the next bull
market. I'm not going to like lie to
you. Uh I'd like to buy some more before
the next bull market, but you know, this
is this is the sort of the the thing to
to consider is that like what if what if
this is a a sort of a a similar type of
of move here where you're I mean, spread
out, I guess, over a longer period of
time, right? But what if it's a sort of
a similar type of move and you just
simply get one final sell-off into Q4,
the midterm year, bare market, four-year
cycle completes, and the low that ended
up occurring in um you know, in
November, December of 2019 just ends up
being maybe the final low over here.
Again, is it a stretch? Yeah. But if you
watch the whole video, I think you could
at least see how I made that comparison.
Now again,
if you're just looking at the midterm
years, breaking above the 200 day moving
average in the way that we're breaking
above it now historically is a really
bullish thing. So, I'm not here to tell
you that
it it can't be a bullish thing. What I'm
here to say is that
despite
the type of move that we've seen,
if you were to ignore
the moving averages and just look at the
type of move we had in 2019 and the
lower high structure in 2018 where we
went into the 9,000s and then the 8,000s
and the 7,000s and then this time it's
been the 90,000s, the 80,000s and now
the 70,000s, right? To to see it like
that sort of changes the perspective a
bit. I mean, you can look at the chart
and be like, &quot;All right, well, maybe the
low's in.&quot; But there is at least some
evidence to consider, hey, it's not like
this is so clear-cut, right? It's not
like it's such a clear-cut thing. Again,
this is all an academic exercise. It's
much simpler. Just buy Bitcoin every
week and and go live your life rather
than concern yourself with this too
much. But I keep making the videos. You
guys keep tuning in. So, I will I will
be here, right? I I'll still be here to
provide this opinion uh whether people
like it or not. But that's something to
see. And I mean sometime look you have
to go up to go up but sometimes you got
to go up to go down as silly as that
sounds. And then the the other question
is is well did this happen last cycle at
all? Right? I mean was there a time
ignoring the moving averages because
again if you include the moving averages
the answer is no. Right? The answer is
no. When when we were breaking out like
this the low was in ignoring the moving
averages. Was there ever a time where
Bitcoin rallied this amount in such a
short period of time and the low was not
in? And again, this rally from this
green candle here, we just rallied 20%
over 4 days. Did that happen in 2022
before the low was in? Let's go take a
look.
You can see right here
in early September, we had a sizable
rally. How big was it from the low to
the high?
23% over 6 days. So,
it has happened. I bet most of you don't
even remember that rally from 2022.
Honestly, I don't really remember that
rally from 2022. And I was making videos
every day, but I still can't tell you
exactly what I was feeling during that
rally. I remember saying that I think we
were going to go lower in Q4 and I
remember people making videos mocking me
for it. Uh and we had this huge rally
and and then it came right back down.
And what's interesting is if you take
the start of that rally to the actual
low that was 76 day or was it 75
75 days, right? So that'd be a bit
further out. But to the first
capitulation low, it was just 2 months,
63 days, right? About about 63 days from
the start of that rally to essentially
the low of the bare market. We just
swept the low a couple of weeks later.
63 days. Now 63 days from the start of
this rally
puts you in mid-occtober, right?
Midocctober.
Now, if you were to take a bar pattern
onto this chart
and just kind of like overlay it like
that and say, &quot;All right, well, we saw
this big pop by Bitcoin.&quot; Let's just try
to match it up exactly. See this big
pop? and you you sort of bring it to the
current cycle
here. You can see that the type of rally
that it was, right? Like it was just
this massive rally up and then it came
right back down. What I what I think
happens when you get those types of
rallies is you got you have a lot of
people that are all you have a lot of
people that are that are looking at it
saying all right
things seem bearish probably going to
get a low in Q4 right everyone was right
if you anyone in anyone in 2018 who
thought we were going to get a low in Q4
they were right anyone in 2020 2022 who
thought we were going to get low in Q4
they were right I don't talk about
shorting the market. I don't ever short
the market.
I just don't. I mean, think about it.
How many people on the wealthiest people
in the world, they're they're not people
that they're not short sellers. They're
people that are are bullish on their
businesses, right? They're not out there
shorting businesses. Those are the
people that are getting the wealthiest.
I think it's insane to short this stuff.
And this is why I don't talk about it.
But imagine you have a lot of people
thinking that sometimes in order to go
down, you have to go up because the
market will go up. It'll liquidate all
the shorts, get people to FOMO in and
then it goes down. So the counterpoint
is that in order to go up, you also have
to go up. It's just hard to know, you
know, how does it reconcile after going
up? you go up to go down or you just
starting to go up and then you leave
people kind of waiting forever that are
thinking it's it has to go to a new low.
But it's just to show you that even in
2022,
you know, just a month or two before the
final drop, we had a similar type of
rally where we rallied over 20% in just
a few days and and then we gave it all
back very quickly.
So,
the thing is, you know, as much as I'd
like to just sit here uh for the next
several months and and try to find every
reason and whatnot to to be concerned,
you guys see the reasons, right? I mean,
you see the reasons and if by the end of
the year it it nothing like that
happens, life goes on and I will I will
flip bullish and I won't care, right? I
mean, I've already got a little bit of
Bitcoin from when we went below it in
July, when we went below.3 risk in July,
in early July. And, you know, I I
probably would just simply be forced to
add more if we don't get that that drop
in Q4 because I I don't really feel like
I I have what I would want for the next
bull market. I have some that kind of
helps control the emotions in the rally,
but I can I it's like it's it reminds me
of, you know, these other rallies where
in the moment it just feels like there's
no way you could ever go lower, you
know, like in 2018, you know, it just it
feels like there's just no way you can
go lower. And then somehow you fast
forward to Q4 of every midterm year and
somehow it always ended up happening.
Who knows how it happened, but it always
ended up happening. Um, and and in in a
lot of these cases, before you got the
final drop,
you had to go up first. You had to go
up. You had to liquidate people and then
you went down. So that that would be the
concern I think to sort of express about
definitively saying that the low has to
be in. And you know there's obviously
the onchain indicators and there's like
the MVRVZ score and you know the
terminal or the the balance price and
the realized price. There's all these
things that haven't fully reset.
Obviously you can maybe try to make the
case that they don't have to reset
because we didn't have a euphoria phase.
The counterpoint is that in 2019 2020
they still fully reset. Yes it was due
to the pandemic but that's the only
example we have right. the only example
we have. And who's to say they wouldn't
have reset without the pandemic? Who's
to say something else wouldn't have
happened that would have caused a a a
similar outcome. So that is, you know,
the the dubious speculation I have for
you today. I, you know, I hope that
these videos this year have been useful.
I know right now it it might feel like,
you know, I know there's certainly a lot
of hate directed directed my way, and
I'm I'm kind of used to that honestly at
this point. Uh but just know that we
have seen these rallies in the past and
there are times where it wasn't over
yet.
When looking at moving averages, it was
okay. like when looking at uh things
like the 200 day moving average, it was
um
but in 2019, which we've made the case
for a comparison, you know, you can see
that we we had this big spike up only to
come right back down. So, I think what I
would be looking for in order to like
try to pivot one way or the other is at
some point, you know, Bitcoin will
retrace something, right? And you can
see that when it retraced in 2019, it
was unable to hold the 200 day as
support. It tried to hold it for a
couple of weeks, but it was unable to in
2023.
In 2023, we did hold the 200 day as
support. You see that we can we clearly
held it as support. Um, so that's that's
arguably what I would be sort of looking
at here is whenever you do get the
retrace, are we able to stay above the
200 day moving average over the next
couple of weeks? In one week, anything
can happen, right? I mean, we saw that
in 2019. We saw it in 2022. Bitcoin
rallying up 20% basically in a single in
three or four days. We've seen that
before. What's important is what happens
over the next say two weeks. And if
Bitcoin is still holding above the 200
day moving average in say a couple more
weeks, then I would argue at that point
the odds really start to go up that that
the low would be in. But at this point,
it's just too early to know. Like it's
too early to know for sure given the
context of what we've seen previously.
But those are my thoughts. If you guys
like the content, make sure you
subscribe, give the video a thumbs up.
Again, check out the sale on into the
cryptoverse premium. And if you want to
go to the conference, uh again, check it
out. Ticket prices are going to go up on
September 1st and the conference will be
November 20th through the 22nd. Thank
you guys for tuning in. Subscribe. I'll
see you guys next time.
