Welcome back to the good channel
everyone. My name is Josh and right now
Bitcoin is continuing the short squeeze
to the upside towards the next
significant cluster of liquidity piling
up in the Bitcoin liquidation heat map
potentially revealing the next massive
price targets to watch out for which
I'll talk about in just a moment
alongside the fact that we have massive
Bitcoin news today. New numbers coming
in from the Bitcoin ETFs showing
hundreds of millions of dollars just the
other day buying up Bitcoin, especially
via Black Rockck, which I'll talk about
in just a moment. What that means for
Bitcoin moving forward alongside
Ethereum getting extremely close to a
massive, very rare breakout above a very
significant area of resistance while the
price of XRP is also squeezing to the
upside, playing out this new bullish
divergence. So, I'll be talking about
all of that in more later video. So,
definitely watch to the end.
First of all, just before taking a look
at the Bitcoin and crypto charts today,
taking a quick look at some Bitcoin news
today because we now have the numbers
coming in from the 19th of August. So,
Wednesday this week, we have the numbers
for the Bitcoin ETF flows for that day.
And we saw one of the largest inflows
for that day that we've seen in many,
many weeks. This is a massive day, even
beating Monday. Monday was already the
largest net inflow that we've seen in
multiple weeks and Wednesday has just
massively beat that by almost double.
And so, first of all, looking at the
last couple of weeks here, these numbers
are quite small, but basically reading
out the rough numbers, we're talking
about 100 to maybe $200 million of net
inflows on the good days and then on the
bad days around 50 million to 140
million leaving the Bitcoin ETF. So,
we're talking about give or take 100 mil
either coming in or coming out depending
on if we're seeing inflows or outflows,
a good or bad day. But then on Monday
this week, we saw a net inflow of 297.5
million, almost 300 million coming in to
buy Bitcoin through the Bitcoin ETFs
just on Monday. And then Tuesday, a net
inflow of close to 190 million, $189.3
million. And then on Wednesday, we now
have the numbers showing that we saw a
net inflow of over half a billion, over
$517
million US coming in to buy Bitcoin
essentially through the Bitcoin ETFs
just on Wednesday alone. And so
basically, so far this week, the first
three trading days of this week, just
over Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, we've
now seen net inflows piling up over a
billion US coming in to buy Bitcoin. a
billion dollars of inflows into the
Bitcoin ETFs just in the first 3 days of
this week. So, a lot of Wall Street
money is now piling back into the
Bitcoin. And a lot of that money is
coming through the Black Rockck Bitcoin
ETF, which is very interesting. In fact,
on Wednesday, Black Rockck alone saw an
inflow of almost $300 million, around
$284.7
million US coming into the Black Rockck
Bitcoin ETF just on Wednesday alone. And
in case you're new to all of this, what
effectively that means is a bunch of
other investors out there uh buying IBIT
in the case of the Black Rockck Bitcoin
ETF share. That's basically the Black
Rockck Bitcoin ETF. So investors are
buying that and then that money
effectively goes towards BlackRock the
asset manager and then BlackRock
essentially has to use that to buy
actual Bitcoin in order to back their
Bitcoin ETF. And so, in other words,
just on Wednesday alone, Black Rockck
effectively bought close to $300 million
worth of Bitcoin on behalf of the
investors that are buying the Black
Rockck Bitcoin ETF. And so, just keep
that in mind as well. While we're seeing
a massive short squeeze liquidating
short positions, forcing the price
towards the upside, we're now seeing
hundreds of millions of dollars every
day so far this week. Now over a billion
dollars in the first 3 days of this week
coming in from big Wall Street money
buying Bitcoin right now. Keep that in
mind throughout the video. Big money
buying Bitcoin now. And if we're taking
a look at the Bitcoin charts today on
the weekly time frame, the Super Tune
indicator is still currently sitting in
the red, but it is getting extremely
close now to actually flipping back into
the green for the first time since the
bull market. That is right. If this
starts flipping into the green,
technically speaking, that is a bull
market signal. As now, obviously,
because this is on the weekly time
frame, this is more of a longerterm
signal, which means we don't necessarily
get the bottom signal right at the
bottom. We usually find out that
Bitcoin's bottomed out for the bare
market. Well, after we've actually
bottomed out, if we're looking at this
chart right here, but of course, if
we're looking at perhaps other charts,
that could tell us a potential bottom
sooner than the Super Chin indicator.
But essentially, this super trend
indicator on the weekly time frame for
the price of Bitcoin would flip back
into the green if we start breaking out
above roughly $80,000. So $80,000 is the
key level that we need to break out
above, especially seeing a weekly candle
close above $80,000.
If we see that, that will flip this back
into the green on the weekly time frame,
signaling historically a bull market for
the price of Bitcoin. But if we're
taking a look at this weekly Bitcoin
price chart, obviously as I've already
been saying basically every day for
months now on the channel, for at least
over a month, probably almost two months
now on the channel, I've been talking
about this massive bullish divergence
basically every day since the exact low
at 58,000 onwards. I've been saying yes,
this massive bullish divergence is in
play. It is confirmed on the weekly
Bitcoin price chart. And keep in mind,
the last time we formed a bullish
divergence like this was the end of the
2022 bare market. Once again, as always,
no guarantees, not financial advice, but
historically this is a massive signal to
watch out for. Not just the bullish
divergences, but also the significant
bearish divergences on the weekly time
frame. Historically, these are pretty
good indicators to tell us where we
could potentially be at sort of a
turning point in the larger momentum.
And obviously this is not a shorterterm
signal telling us what to expect today
or tomorrow, but it is a longerterm
signal telling us what to expect
potentially over the coming months and
years. So especially leading into the
end of this year and especially leading
into next year, as I've been saying
every day for the last couple of months
now, this is a longerterm bullish signal
pointing towards potentially a much
larger recovery in the coming months and
years for the price of Bitcoin. So keep
that in mind. Nothing much changed here
on the weekly time frame. Everything's
still playing out as expected here. And
if we're taking a look at the 3-day
Bitcoin price chart, obviously after
that recent breakout above roughly 66 to
67,000, of course, we've continued up to
my exact area of resistance sitting in
between around 72,000 to 74,000
approximately. Or if we're actually
extending the range up towards here,
it's closer towards around 72 to 76,000.
So really anywhere in that range right
there, we could find some resistance,
which means the price could start to
struggle a little bit around the mid70K
area, especially around 74K, give or
take. But especially if the price of
Bitcoin just basically smashes through
that resistance and breaks past 74K,
breaks past 76K. If that's the
situation, the next major target would
be this high right here at around 81 to
82,000. And remember, if we can break
out above 80,000 and hold above 80,000
for the next weekly candle close here,
then that will start flipping the super
trend indicator from red into green on
the weekly time frame. A longerterm
bullish signal to watch out for. And so
all of this is looking pretty decent at
the moment. Even if we were to see any
little calloff, the overall trend and
momentum is now starting to flip more
bullish on the larger time frame. So
keep that in mind. not yet fully
confirms the flip just yet on this chart
right here, but of course things are
looking pretty decent in terms of the
price structure. And if we're taking a
look at the daily Bitcoin price chart,
clearly the short squeeze is continuing.
We're seeing a massive short squeeze
right now, as I already talked more in
detail about in my last video here on
the channel because first of all, for
the last 1 to two weeks or so, we're
piling up a lot of liquidity right
around here at give or take 65K around
there. And ultimately, we took out that
area of liquidity as soon as we started
pumping in the short term due to the
massive news that we saw just yesterday,
which I talked about in my last video.
So, if you missed my last video,
definitely watch that, at least the
first half of my last video, so that
you're up to date with what actually
really started this entire move right
here. But basically, the entire second
half of this move, especially over the
last 1 day since my last video onwards,
has been essentially a continued short
squeeze. more and more short positions
being wiped out of the market, getting
liquidated, being squeezed out of the
market right now, which is putting extra
pressure on further shorts positions,
which is essentially forcing the price
to the upside. Because when a short
closes or gets liquidated, they have to
buy back into the underlying asset. in
this case, buying Bitcoin in order to
close that short position and liquidate
that short position, which pushes the
price higher, liquidating more shorts,
pushing the price higher, so on and so
forth, forcing the price to the upside.
This is ultimately continuing, and as
long as we have shorts to burn, this can
continue to shoot towards the upside.
The shorts are basically the rocket fuel
pumping this move. But if we start
approaching major resistance, especially
around 74K to 75K somewhere around
there, and if at that same time we start
kind of running out of that fuel,
running out of the shorts positions to
liquidate. So in other words, if
basically the bears are learning their
lesson and they're not really opening
any new shorts positions right here,
then in that situation, they're kind of
running out of that fuel towards the
upside, running out of the short squeeze
right here, which means we could start
some sort of little call off, especially
around maybe 75, 76K, somewhere around
there. So just keep that in mind. It's
possible to see little calloffs and
things like that, especially after such
a large bullish move. But don't be
fooled by short-term cool offs. Those
are very healthy to see during a larger
bullish trend. Technically speaking, the
larger price structure, especially here
on the daily time frame, clearly still
bullish. We're still forming higher lows
and higher highs in the price of
Bitcoin. Even if we were to see any
little pullback, I'm not saying we're
going to see a massive pullback. I'm not
saying that. I want to make that clear.
I'm just saying if we see some sort of
cool off, don't be surprised by that.
It's very normal to see, very healthy to
see. But that doesn't change the fact
that technically the larger price
structure is remaining bullish and even
starting to look much more bullish now
on the weekly time frame close to
confirming a bullish flip on this weekly
super trend indicator signaling a bull
market for the first time in basically
since 2025 as we could see. And if we're
taking a quick look at the Bitcoin
liquidation heat map, once again, we
already wiped out a bunch of shorts
positions here, which were piling up at
give or take 66,000, already been
completely destroyed out of the market,
which helped pump the price even
further, destroying more shorts
positions. And now the next cluster of
shorts positions to be wiped out is
piling up in between 75.4K
to 78.4K
in that entire region right there. But
if we're looking at more specific
levels, 75.4K,
76.7K,
and 78.4K, those specific levels, but
really the entire area right there, we
have a lot of liquidity. In other words,
a bunch of short positions would get
wiped out again right in that area. So,
usually, not always, but usually the
price of Bitcoin tends to move towards
where we have a lot of liquidity,
especially if it's already in the
direction that we're traveling,
especially if it's relatively close to
the current price. And so honestly, I
would not be surprised if very soon we
make our way up towards roughly 75 76K
somewhere around there to wipe out a
bunch of these shorts. Roughly, once
again, 7576K is kind of the lower end of
this area. But then somewhere
potentially around there, maybe closer
towards 76K, somewhere around there, we
could start to find some resistance. So
just keep that in mind. And overall,
once again, the larger price structure
is remaining bullish. And so those are
my exact expectations and the key
signals, levels, and price targets to
watch out for moving forward for the
price of Bitcoin. And if you actually
want to trade any of these moves in the
price of Bitcoin or any crypto, you need
to be set up ready to go on a crypto
exchange. And if you use the first link
below the video in the description and
in the pinned comment, that first link
below this video will take you to this
page right here over on the LBank crypto
exchange, which by the way is a no KYC
exchange, which means you can access
this platform from basically any country
in the world without needing any KYC and
just by simply using that first link
below the video to actually make your
ElBank account. You can claim up to a
$4,000
bonus onto your account simply just by
making an account using that link below
the video and then making a deposit and
holding that deposit for a few days on
the exchange. After you do that, Elbank
will reward you with up to a $4,000
bonus onto your account. And then, of
course, you can use that bonus to take
your next trade if you want to. As
always, not financial advice, but in
that situation, you'll be basically
risking the exchanges money rather than
risking your own money. And then, of
course, you can still profit from that
trade and withdraw any profits. So, if
you're going to be trading crypto
anyway, you might as well check this
out. Take advantage of this if you want
to. Once again, first link below the
video. And remember, Elbank is also a no
KYC exchange. But with that being said,
taking a quick look at the Bitcoin
dominance chart on the 3-day time frame.
And we're actually starting to see a bit
of a short-term breakout above these
local highs right here, which is
technically a shorterterm bullish signal
for the Bitcoin dominance. We're not
necessarily in a massive Bitcoin season
right now just because of this little
breakout here. But it is telling us that
at least in the very shorter term,
Bitcoin currently is slightly
outperforming compared to a lot of the
major altcoins out there. Of course,
some altcoins here and there can of
course still outperform even if the
Bitcoin dominance goes up. But on
average, a lot of the old coins, the
larger altcoins are likely just slightly
underperforming or slightly lagging
behind what Bitcoin is currently doing.
But of course, if Bitcoin still
experiences a massive bullish move like
this, it's still very likely we're going
to have some sort of bullish price
action in the shorter term for a lot of
the major altcoins. And so, with that
being said, jumping straight into the
Ethereum price charts here on the 3-day
time frame, right now, the price of ETH
is testing this significant area of
resistance here at around 2.3K to 2.4K.
This is a level or area on the price
chart that I've been targeting for a
long time now on the channel. Basically,
I've been saying if we break out above
the mid $1,900 area, which was acting as
major resistance for quite some time.
Once we break out above that level, the
next significant resistance above the
price is at around 2.3K to 2.4K. And
once again, we are now testing that
area. And so far, we haven't really seen
a major rejection or anything like that.
and we might not necessarily see a major
rejection, but just be a bit cautious in
the shorter term as we are testing the
resistance, which means it's possible we
could potentially struggle a little bit
around this area. Maybe see a slight
rejection. I honestly don't expect a
massive crash all the way back down or
anything like that, but just expect
maybe a small amount of struggle,
especially as we approach that 2.4K
level. But if the price of ETH actually
confirms a breakout with a candle close
here on the 3-day time frame above
around 2.4K and actually holds above
that level on the price charts to keep
the breakout active. In that situation,
the next major target or point of
resistance would be based on this
previous resistance which was also
previous support right here. And that's
sitting at just above 2.7K. So closer
towards almost 2.8K really in between
2.7K to 2.8K as the next major target.
If once again we first actually confirm
the breakout above 2.4K and hold above
that level. So close to 2.4K is the next
immediate obstacle, the next possible
point of resistance. But then once
again, if we break up past that point,
then I'll be targeting 2.7 to 2.8K. And
in case you're wondering, if we're
measuring out that move from roughly
2.4K to around 2.7 2.8K, that's about a
15% move towards the upside from the
breakout point to the next target or
point of resistance. Once again, around
a 15% move, and that's with no leverage.
So, for example, a 10x leverage long
position in that case right there would
turn a 15% move into a 150% profit with
a 10x leverage long position. As always,
not financial advice, just revealing a
possible trading opportunity on the
price chart if we first confirm the
breakout above this initial resistance
here. And like I said for Bitcoin a
moment ago, even if we see some sort of
little struggle or call off in the
meantime, potentially around this
resistance close to 2.4K, 4K. Do not be
fooled because that's very normal to see
even if we remain bullish. Technically,
we can of course see the occasional
little call off here and there along the
way. But overall, I don't expect major
crashes all the way back down. Just
don't be surprised or don't be scared
out of the market if we see any little
call off along the way. That's perfectly
normal to see. But overall, the larger
price structure technically still
bullish. Especially if we break out past
2.4K, that would be extremely bullish.
That would actually be the largest
change in this large price structure
here that we've seen basically the
entire time. Of course, since around
August 2025 onwards, technically,
Ethereum has been trending bearish here
on the 3-day time frame. Constant lower
highs, lower lows, and not really
breaking out above any significant
points of resistance. We've just
constantly been rejected at these points
of resistance. But if we start breaking
out above 2.4K this time around, this is
actually a major reversal signal. if we
confirm this breakout here, a reversal
signal that we have not seen in over a
year. And so we are at a pivotal moment
in crypto history right now. So
definitely stay paying attention to all
of this. Stay subscribed to the channel
with notifications turned on. This is a
crucial time in the market right now.
But with that being said, taking a look
at XRP on the weekly time frame. And
right now XRP is actually flashing a
possible sign of a reversal out of this
larger bearish trend. Now, we don't
really have a lot of confirmation yet to
fully confirm that the larger bare
market is completely over with
confidence for XRP, at least not as of
right now. But the possible signal to
watch out for is a bullish divergence on
the weekly time frame. Yes, we have
lower lows confirmed in the price
already in the candle closes, and we're
currently forming higher lows in the
weekly Bitcoin RSI. It's only a
relatively small divergence compared to
this previous bearish divergence, but it
is still a bullish divergence
nonetheless. that is currently forming
on the weekly time frame. But of course,
we also have to be aware of points of
resistance along the way towards the
upside. We've just run into this area of
previous support flipped into
resistance, which is at give or take
a$130 to$140.
So once again, $130 to $140. Expect
strong resistance there based on
previous significant support flipped
into resistance. And if we're zooming in
a little further here on the daily XRP
price chart, technically we've already
massively now confirmed this new bullish
divergence now with two confirmation
signals since my last video, of course,
which is technically confirming the
bullish divergence. As I already talked
about in my last video, I said that's
extremely likely this is basically about
to confirm anyway. And typically a
bullish divergence means expect a
continued relief and a break from all of
the bearish price structure and all of
the bearish momentum. So, not
necessarily always a reversal signal and
it doesn't often actually result in a
massive bullish move like this. But
remember, this large bullish move here
is not necessarily caused by this
bullish divergence. We're seeing a major
squeeze, a short squeeze across the
market, obviously led by Bitcoin and
other cryptos. And then, of course, XRP
and other altcoins also following along
with a major squeeze towards the upside.
And as for resistance to watch out for
along the way towards the upside,
obviously we already broke out above a
$1.17 and we went straight towards
around $130. So remember in between $130
to $140, we have significant resistance
there which means it's likely that the
price will struggle a lot in that
region. It will be very difficult to
break out past that area at least
straight away. Maybe eventually after a
little more of an attempt or maybe a
slight little rejection, but overall I
don't necessarily expect a huge crash
all the way back down. Just to keep that
in mind, maybe a bit of struggle around
this area. And also keep an eye on what
Bitcoin does. Of course, if Bitcoin just
continues squeezing towards the upside
like this, that will really help a lot
of the other altcoins like XRP also
continuing a squeeze towards the upside.
Bitcoin's kind of like a rising tide
lift or boat situation where if
Bitcoin's squeezing like this, expect
basically at least some bullish price
action to continue either a lot or at
least some to continue for a lot of the
major altcoins. And if we're taking a
look at the price of Salana on the 3-day
time frame, we're also seeing a
continued squeeze for Salana right now.
Once again, following the Bitcoin short
squeeze right now. And of course, the
larger bullish divergence on the 3-day
Salana price chart is still currently
active. As I've been saying the entire
time here, since basically the beginning
of June, so for almost 3 months now, for
at least 2 and 1/2 months now, I've been
saying almost every day over the last 2
and 1/2 months, yes, this bullish
divergence is still in play, still
confirmed, still active and influencing
the price of Slana. Even while we're
pulling back just a couple of weeks ago
when everyone else out there was saying,
&quot;No, we're all flipping back to
bearish.&quot; I was actually here on the
channel saying that technically the
bullish divergence is still active,
which means it's likely that soon enough
we'll get back on track with more of a
bullish relief towards the upside. And
what are we seeing right now? More of a
bullish relief towards the upside,
continuing the larger bullish
divergence. So once again, all of that
is still playing out as expected months
ago here on the channel. And the next
major resistance towards the upside is
in the mid90
area. So at give or take 95. But if
we're zooming into the daily time frame,
we can see more specifically in between
around 95 to 99 approximately. We have a
lot of resistance around there based on
previous significant rejections. Still
likely going to act as major resistance
in that mid90 area. Mid to high $90
area, I should say. And obviously, we
already perfectly played out that
previous inverse shortest pattern as I
already talked about over the last
couple of days. Obviously, I talked
about this pattern right here when we
were back down at $77, predicting the
next price target at 83. If we confirm
the breakout above around 7750,
obviously as soon as we broke out above
7750, we immediately squeezed even past
that bullish price targets. Obviously,
any of you out there that were watching
my videos and took this trading
opportunity made quick and easy profits
in the market. And it's possible we
could find a small amount of resistance
somewhere around these highs, which
we're pretty much testing right now at
roughly around $90. But once again, the
next major target towards the upside and
major point of resistance is starting
closer towards roughly 95 to 96. And
remember also just keep an eye on what
Bitcoin does. If Bitcoin's continuing
the squeeze, expect continued bullish
movements for a lot of these major
altcoins, which is still the case right
now. We have more room to go here. And
if we're taking a look at chain link on
the 3-day time frame, chain link is
actually about to potentially break out
above this previous local high here, a
significant, very significant high in
the price, which is sitting at
approximately $1080 to almost $10.90.
And if we actually break out above that
high, this will be the largest price
structure change or flip or reversal
that we've seen basically the entire
bare market since near mid to end 2025
around Q3 2025 onwards. Technically, we
have been in a larger bare market
trending bearish from around August
September 2025 onwards up until
basically the last couple of months.
We've started to flip much more bullish
thanks to this larger bullish divergence
which I let you know about here on the
channel months ago right at the lows. I
said this is now confirmed now playing
out. Expect a larger relief in the
coming months. All of that's playing out
exactly as predicted months ago now on
the channel and we're now breaking
crucial resistance. We've already broken
past $10. That was a crucial break
that's now confirmed with the latest
3-day candle close here. and we're close
to breaking $1080 to $10.90 as of
recording this video, which will be a
massive change in price structure. The
first significant higher high that we've
seen in basically over a year. And so,
yes, this is potentially a massive
reversal signal starting to potentially
confirm here. So, for as long as we're
continuing to put in some higher lows on
the price chart as well above these
previous lows, technically things are
starting to look pretty good here in
terms of the overall price structure.
talking about the coming months or
potentially over the next year or so. A
further recovery looking very likely
here. Once again, it's not going to be a
straight line. Do expect occasional cool
offs and pullbacks and things like that
along the way. But overall, the larger
relief, the larger price structure
currently clearly looking more bullish
than bearish, especially if we confirm
these breakouts above these crucial
levels. And in case you're new to the
channel, of course, my next price target
above 1080 to 1090. If we break out
above that level, the next price target
is at around $12 as a potential point of
resistance to watch out for. And once
again, if you want to trade any of these
moves in the price of any crypto, get
set up ready to go using that first link
below the video in the description and
in the pinned comment to claim up to
$4,000 over on ElBank using that link.
Also, a no KYC exchange. And if you want
to actually know how you can trade these
moves to massively profit and easily
profit no matter what direction the
price goes, then make sure to watch this
video popping up right here on your
screen because this video right here
shows you how you can easily profit from
bullish price action using long
positions, from bearish price action
using shorts positions, and from choppy
sideways price action using grid trading
strategies. All in that video right
there. So definitely check it out. But
anyway, that is everything that I have
to say for today. I really hope you
enjoyed it and I'll see you all in the
next
